# Customer-Success

X is an online program that provides 1-on-1 mentorship, training, and advice to help job seekers get the best possible jobs in tech. Every two weeks, X welcomes a new cohort of fellows. If a candidate is interested in joining their program and successfully passes all stages of their admission process, they receive an offer to join X and become a fellow. The first 2 weeks in the program are called a free trial period and a fellow can withdraw within this free trial period without any penalty. After 2 weeks, a fellow needs to sign an ISA (Income Share Agreement) with them if they want to stay in the program. The entire program lasts up to a year, including 8 weeks of the core curriculum. If a fellow is unable to find a job within a year after joining X, his/her contract is terminated. However, there might be some exceptions. For instance, if someone was on a break, we may extend their contract for the period of the break. 

On average, for fellows who stay with X after their free trial period, it takes about 4 months to receive a final job offer. However, there is a lot of variation in fellows’ outcomes. *Being able to predict how fast every single fellow is going to find a job is crucial for our business.* In this project, information collected from their fellows from the moment they joined the program is provided to us. This is an imperfect dataset due to massive missing values. 
 
**The main goal of the analysis is to derive insights around if a fellow will ultimately be placed at a company AND how long until a placement can be expected.**
